# JavaStudentManagementSystem
A school requires a pupil management system for a semester. The school has several classes-groups. Classes-groups have several students. Students take several modules. Write an application to manage such a school. You are to write the following classes.Main: start off point for the application.Name: details of a name. firstName;                                         middleName;                                         lastName;The people in our school both teachers and students are part of an inheritance hierarchy and they all have Names.Person: General super class for all people in the school.  Person has a Name email address and phone..Name name; phone; email; Name has several constructors for different typres of names and several get methods for names.Teacher: subclass of person contains teacher details. Plus degree qualification. Allow edit degree.Student: subclass of Person.  students have in addition to name dob and a list of up to 6 Module-Grade objects. Allow edit to change Subjects.School:  this is your collection of classes. Add, Remove ..classesClass-Group :  this is a you collection of students. Add remove .. studentsModule-Grade just module and grade.Write a test class which creates some class-groups, then adds some students gives the student some marks. Alters the marks of a student. Then display all class and students.Provide a Gui driven program to allow the user Add or remove class-groups and students. A Student’s modules can be edited. Marks can be entered. List all students (sorted on name) in a particular class along with their modules and grades. List all teachers along with their degrees.
